Blessing on our Prophet Muhammad and upon his family, his companions and his wives, all of them. As to what follows...
I seek refuge in Allah from the accursed Satan, Bismillahi Rahmani Raheem.
looked at humbleness on EF cold-calling robbery Sidney Hillman ajma'in inshallah may Allah subhana
Allah increase in all of his knowledge assalamu alaikum warahmatullahi wabarakatuh brother
ancestors on behalf of Kali ma Islam and on behalf of Institute of the language of the Quran
we welcome you to this new Arabic course inshallah this course will benefit you a lot it will enable
you to understand Quran 85% indirectly in China and inshallah your experience in this class will
be most enjoyable and very fruitful from the outset I must tell you that I am NOT a scholar
I do not have any university degrees all are all I have is my experience I went to various places
various countries and I met so many teachers who are very kind and they taught me many things in
Arabic which made me understand Quran directly and inshallah I am going to share all these things
with you so that you will be able to understand Quran when it is recited when you pray you know
what you are praying and when you hear the loveth inshallah it will touch your heart because you
will understand what's going on you know we start with our handbook brother and sisters how many
letters of alphabet most of us we were taught that they are 28 but they are 29 Aleph is the letter of
alphabet but it is not consonant it does not have a speech sound when you say a it is not Aleph but
it is Hamza and how do you write Hamza are you with me this is Hamza brother then what is this I
love doing here it is Amazon's chair Hamza is very delicate she needs a chair okay so here is Aleph
is the chair for Hamza sometimes Wow will become a chair for Hamza and sometimes yah will become
a chair for Hamza so Hamza has different chairs depending on what is in front of her and sometimes
Hamza feels strong and she doesn't need any chair so there are many rules spelling rules for writing
Hamza that slowly slowly we will learn you do not have to worry and I must tell you something that
if you do not understand everything today brothers and sisters don't worry because tomorrow when you
come to class inshallah you will understand better and third day your understanding will
be very strong and after one week you will say to yourself I knew this all from my childhood okay
inshallah you get stronger and stronger so by then sisters we have to remember okay Aleph is used for
elongation how many okay now in the handout the next thing is in English language there
are eight parts of speech we know that and they have been given here now pronoun verb adjective
adverb preposition conjunction and interjection interjection these are the eight parts of speech
how many parts of speech in Arabic 3 now were and particles half okay so Brandon sisters how come
there are eight in English and three in Arabic but the noun in Arabic also includes pronoun adjective
adverb and interjection they are all covered in this category of now so we have to remember so
in fact they are same as in English but we do not have eight but instead of three okay when
we say pronoun it is there is a word for pronoun in Arabic which is Damir but it still comes under
the category of now this is just a general idea you will inchaallah and we go along you will
notice that in China the next thing is brother the letters of alphabet okay bond sister as we said
there are 29 letters are from it out of which 28 or consonants and Aleph has no speech sound when
you say ah it is the sound of hamza what now how many vowel signs spread in arabic language only 3
gamma Fattah and cassava earlier with me brother gamma Fattah and yes sir remember these are short
vowels okay they are short vowels so if I say to you if I write like this what will you say
book short book ha if I write like this what will you say but short one and if I say this then it is
the short now in order to do a elongation I put here a leaf now you see the job of a leaf is to
elongate now this is BA and then I put Val here and it is boo and if I put ya here it is B are
you with me now there are there are three vowel signs dan ma Fatah and kisara only and there is
a force thing we must understand and it is called so kun are you with me mouthing sisters there are
many ways of writing so kun sometimes it is like a tiny circle sometimes they write like this but
I prefer tiny circle because it is better when you are I want to understand properly okay now
sukoon is not a vowel sign huh so kun is not a vowel sign what is sukoon then sukoon tells me
that there is no vowel sign on the Arabic letter are you with me brother okay where is the vowel
sign here on what is on Wow it is own why there is no vowel sign there is no novel sign okay
now this you never write you never write but you understand if I say bah where is of all sign but
on the bar what is on Aleph this is sukoon we don't write it but they'sa sukoon we don't write
it and what about B where is the vowel sign on the B what is on the yard and sukoon because there is
no out sign now these things are to be remembered and even if you forget don't worry because I will
be repeating these things often you know some of you will when we go a little bit deeper in the
course all these things will come to you ok so you don't write it you don't write it but it is there
okay I give you another example well what is this brother Taba what is it Taba okay and what is this
too bad are you with me now I write down like this what is this top there is no vowels hang on ba-dum
see how you pronounce ba-dump okay now if I say like this what is now brothers and sisters tube
tube here it was too bad and here it is - so this is sooo Coonan bah if I write like this brother
dr. huh so we did not pronounce but in its normal way as we pronounce that and this time
go buta and if I put dama here Dobby - if I put kisara here - booty so BA has a sukoon it means
it has no vowel sign it has no vowel sack so cool means there is no vowel sign on the
letter is it clear inshallah try and remember this palace okay now we come to other part of
the handout brother and sisters the noun is either definite or indefinite sahi brother and sisters
either it is definite or indefinite what do we do in English when it is indefinite now how do we do
how do we describe it rather by using a or and are you with me this when it comes in front of a noun
makes it in diplomatic how do you define it make it definite the human now in order to define an
indefinite now in Arabic we do not have anything similar to this but at the end of the noun we put
double vowel sign away with me we put double vowel sign if it is if the noun ends with Adama then
we put to them us if the noun ends with a Fattah then we'll put two [ __ ] you the noun ends with a
kisara we put two casseras this is called convene what is it called convene that mean van wind tells
us that the noun is indefinite are with me convene will tell us that the noun is indefinite if I say
kita Boone what is the English a bow a book a book if I say kalamoon a P if I say by Eataly a half
sahih brother and sisters and then how do I make it definite so definite which
is the in English we have to add under the L to the now so I want to say double
what will I do now al kita boo I cannot have come me huh al-kitab al-kitab ooh the book okay
brother and sisters now you see as soon as I put all like a magic one vowel sign got dropped mr.
Duff Boni it became boo card idea now if I say kalamoon a pen I want to say ducking what will
I do I'll kind of new huh whether these are the basics I know most of you already know but I am
starting from the very beginning in case there is a one student who is coming for the first time to
learn Arabic so that he gets some ID I shall al kalamu got the idea if I write down al kalamoon
that is wrong because tanween and I cannot coexist one has to come and other has to go so you say al
then only one number and then here comes al by two okay instead of biotin it became al by two
means the house and I should write here the pen okay is it clear brother and sisters okay now
we come to something which is always sometimes confusing to the students but I will explain you
and I'll keep on explaining you in every session whenever I get an opportunity I will be asking
your questions and also repeating my you know point so that if you have missed it out you will
inshallah remember whether I said by tone it is indefinite how about if I write down Mohammed on
there is a thumb in there which always tells me that the noun is indefinite but what about
muhammadun is it definite or indefinite it is definite by the hokum/the mean means indefinite
and now you say Mohammed is definite yes you're right why because Mohammed is a
proper now all proper nouns are definite when you say Mohammed it doesn't mean any Mohammed
it means one particular Mohammed if I say Ali mother how do you write Ali we always say Ali
but truly speaking Ali you'd better sit on me but convenient is normally the sign of a noun which is
indefinite but in the case of proper nouns and the tongue link does not make any different it
means the noun is definite the noun is definite you will remember this and please okay and I will
be repeating it again and again in sharra but then sisters now I come to a very important rule
in Arabic you know and inshallah I will try to explain you in a nice way by then sisters
the beauty of doctor of the range book parent sister as I said I will I admire it and I always
mention it and soon you will also feel the way I feel it you know every lesson is designed
in a way to teach us something in other Arabic books whether things are all put together like
a cuchara you know and it is very difficult on the first or second or third page of any
other Arabic book you will have worms coming in present tense and past tense but and long verbs
you know so everything is brought together and it is extremely confusing it's not computed confusing
to the person who already knows Arabic but it is confusing for us okay so what dr. brain has
done that in his first book his emphasis is on only now we are learning nouns in the first book
there are only four words one two three four four verbs mentioned in book one okay then when we go
in book to mother and then the worms will come and doctor of the rings' method is this that he
teaches you one thing properly okay but then when the verbs will come they will come in wholesale
you will have words coming from everywhere you know but by that time will be prepared but my
you know Methodist and I found it very rewarding producing good results that we will do some works
on our own which are not mentioned in the book so that when we come to book two you have a good
understanding of worms so when they come in front of you you will say I know it you know you will
feel comfortable so first book is concentrating on nouns okay and each less is like a brick we make
one brick so we study one lesson we put a brick we study second lesson we put that second brick
and slowly slowly we'll build our house you know brick by brick lesson by lesson each lesson will
show you something now we come to the page three of handouts all these things are also mentioned
in the key but I have tried to you know do little differently rather so you must always read the key
also it will help you now in Arabic the nouns decline now declension of now in arabic nouns
decline you already know it but you have never realized it why you have never real realized this
why now I will give you examples my brother I am writing something you already know it Muhammad on
Russell rule I what is the English brother Muhammad is the Messenger
of Allah very good brother then I say to you
we say every day in our Salah what do we say ashhadu and vomiting but the why [ __ ] before
you wrote no madam now you are writing [ __ ] okay what will be the English I bear witness that
Muhammad is His slave brother and His Messenger dot-dot-dot okay now every day
we say many many times allahumma what is the meaning of allahumma Jana what is the
meaning of allahumma ya allahumma suddenly we say every day allahumma salli ala muhammadin
oh Allah send your blessings on Muhammad Ali with me brother Ya Allah send your blessings
on are you with me brother and sisters do you see any change in English where we wrote down
Muhammad we did not change anything in English what about in Arabic brother what's going on here
sometimes you are saying done sometimes you are saying then sometimes you are saying then what's
going on this is what we are going to learn and understand what is the rule by then sisters that
Arabic nouns declined they have three different endings they can end with a convened AMA or with
one Dhamma if there is al there it can decline to convene Fattah or if you have al then it is
one Fattah or it can decline to tan mean kisara or with Aleph and Lomb with al one kisara okay
balance sisters so what is this mother only the ending do what is it done and what is this then
and what is this then say it again loudly don't then then these are the three declensions huh
okay every Arabic noun will decline sometimes you will see it and sometimes you won't see it but we
are going to learn everything in the initial stage we will see the vowel signs in the books but later
on we may not I give you one more example brother now I'm going to remove this and why it happens
mother and sisters this is what we are going to learn and this is what you will be watching in
the Quran you will be looking when you are reading you will notice this you will observe this manner
and then it will tell us this last vowel sign in the noun will tell you the function of that
noun in a sentence what is that noun doing in a sentence is it coming as a subject is it coming
as a subject of a verb is it coming as an object is it coming after a preposition it will tell you
in its natural course in its in its natural form all the nouns are always end with a number all the
time they change when something happens in the sentence when they perform a different function
in the sentence then they change brother give you one more example you know all these things
but you never knew why and this course is going to teach you fine sisters okay I will write down here
what did I write on brother Allah who is it definite or indefinite it is definite
because unless they're north on I mean because unless they're north on me what
do you see at the end dum-dum na you see okay Allah who guff Arun Raheem hoon say
he okay she got over on indefinite the he moon okay fine then I right here
right here in LA
why brother I put allahu there now I am putting her allaha something
is happening in a sentence okay in law the foreign Rahim only got the
idea was insisted in the llaha ya'muru Rehema correct now what is at the end of
Allah Fatah why it is single because it is definite say now we say ah whose ooh
what did I don't do hey come on give me a break brother what's going on here sometimes you are
saying Allah who sometimes you're saying Allah and now some now you're saying Allah he what's
going on but as we know the nouns decline in Arabic language and we are going to learn about
that are you with me we are going to learn about that ok and let's learn the terminology now that
comes if the noun brother and sisters look at carefully if the noun ends with Adama be it a
tan mean or one it should end with a number beta then we or a single number it is called Mar food
what is it called brother this you have to memorize Mar food are you with me balanced
sisters if the noun ends with a dumber you will call it Murphy you will say the noun is mud food
okay what do you call it in English you will call that it is in nominative case yeah brother if you
are comfortable we will use some English terms but later on you will be most comfortable with
Arabic terms Marcia is a nominative case okay now if the noun ends with a Fatah be it at an amine
or be it a one single [ __ ] at the end of a noun then we say it is munsoo what is it brother it is
man suit what do we call it in English either you call it objective case or accusative case
it's it's mentioned there of the objective case or accusative case are you with me well ancestors but
but but we will memorize these tons that I am writing now if the noun ends with a kisara be
it a toluene or one we will say the noun is much rude not much more mature okay much rude much ruin
are you with me and in English it is called genitive case I think it is i genitive case
yes the genitive case and accusative case maybe I should write on accusative case also man suit
is accusative case ok brother and sisters so today you know you must memorize Marfa
Mansu and much we will repeat it every day and ranan sisters this thing will stay with
you all the time when you are reading Quran it is in the back of your mind that the nouns can
be marfa according to the function it performs it can be Mansu or it can be marginal as you
can see we say al Allah who go for Rahim we said Allah who as soon as I put in 9
front of it I said in Allah we are going to learn what is in book two the first lesson
in book two deals with in innallaha okay and then as soon as something came billahi
which is a preposition it change the noun into a Majrooh change it into mushroom I mean this is
what we are going to learn and you this you'll observe this is the very very important okay
now I made a little song you know out of this when I say it's more fool when I say the
it's mine so when I say then hmm it's my Giroud when I said it's motherfu when i say then
it's my soup when I say it's modular therefore doomed and and ending dong dong dong dong ding
ding dong dong dong ding ding dong dong dong dong ding ding dong dong dong ding ding dong dong dong
dong ding ding dong dong dong ding ding dong dong dong dong ding ding one more time when I
say hmm it's motherfu when I say then it's mine soup when I say he is my guru therefore doomed
and and ending dong-geun dan dan Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin Dhin
okay so we will remember this huh and this will help you okay okay and you must always remember
what will you remember brother pronounce this last one going what is this then and what is the next
one then in short don't and in what is it don't and then that is the way the nouns decline in
Arabic doomed and then okay I compose another song but I have to because I am NOT a musician
but sometimes I get that inspiration and I do it you know I maybe later on I will inshallah
to refresh you again I will do it in child are you with me brothers and sisters so three pages
from the handout now we go to the main book but we go to the main book and that's so Alvin okay
haha what is sister the blue book yeah blue book lesson one what's the title what is it like a ha
ha we are learning ha ha what is half brother most of you know the mean what is it this ha ha
means this ok but right down near there in your book just right down brother what is harder it is
what is it brother ah this is a pronoun and pronoun is a noun in Arabic pronoun
is also and now okay so it's a pronoun just remember it brother and if you forget see
the Fatima if you forget it's normal you should not be too concerned because we
will be repeating it so many times in the class that it's going to come out of your
both ears okay so it is demonstrating now what do you call it in arabic is shara now
those who are familiar with Verdoux they will find the course very easy
brother is smooth it smoothly Shara huh we will be doing repeating it right now I am you know
throwing these things at you but please do not be Gary fight because we will be repeating them
and it will inchaallah become part of your vocabulary and part of your memory in Chadha
huh haha are you with me whether what is either it is a demonstrative pronoun which means it's a
noun are you with me okay and then any in Arabic we call it is Musha we call it a smooch ara okay
sure now these are the sentences simple sentences we are studying I am not going to go in detail
but very soon we'll go in detail because ours is an intensive course we will be moving at a
steady pace brother now as as you know you are all supposed to read you must know how to read
and you will be writing all these things in your book and the more you read and write you will
become stronger and and in the class if you you are a team of husband and wife it a great thing
because you can go home and read to each other and discuss with each other and it will help
every day whether you got to do your homework er this is just like coming to a college or a
university program where you go in the morning to the University go home and study come back
and learn more so our courses like that if you work hard you will succeed if you want then it
will be a problem okay what is the first haha - what is it haha bye - now normally when you speak
you do not say by tuned you say holobyte just like in Quran when you stop you give a sukoon
huh but for our course we will repeat don't and then we will repeat because we want to understand
properly what are those who speak Arabic currently just like us we speak English fluently but do we
know the grammar we don't know the grammar if somebody asks you teach me English you
cannot teach English manner because you don't know yourself properly you only speak you cannot teach
same way the people who speak Arabic when they say has a bite or when they say Mohammed Talib
or write to Mohammed or Marthe to be Mohammed they are not very sure about the endings because that's
the way you stop it you don't put that you know pronounce the last but here in our class we will
pronounce everything so that we get a good idea of what's going on in the sentence so you will
always be reading Hara by eatin haha by tone now tell me brother and sister what is the translation
this is how some indefinite indefinite this is a house okay now I think you understood this I
am going to erase it about Haase see it is pronounced like haha huh but this Aleph is
not written it is explaining the key also so it is ha ha ha ok haza means this and
Bethune means a house are you with me brother and sisters no but you said in English that
this is a house ok I see this here ha ha I see a house here by 2 but I don't think I
don't see anything similar to is in Arabic are you with me when I explain brother Mohammed you
say this which is equal to ha ha and you say a house by 2 whatever it is so what is is ok we
go to English grammar is R and M these are linking verbs in English we call it copula
copula verbs our brother and sisters they are intransitive verbs but I will not go
in detail in intransitive but they are called copula words it means they are linking verbs
they link one now with another now okay or it links the subject with the other now okay
they are called linking word in English they do not exist in Arabic language they are not
there there is no need okay when you say as our kalamoon we only said two word this a
pen but you will translate this is a pen but in Arabic what will you see Haza kalamoon you
will say haha kita boon there is no is or M or are in Arabic so you have to keep that in
mind and what are they calling is our M are calling in English grammar kikuna worms yes
there is no linking but we it is understood to be we understand it but it's not there
okay brother and sisters okay so the first picture says huzzah Python what is the next
one brother Hara mas chidden okay and the next word ba-ba-boom okay what is the next word ha ha
kita boon you will have to say bullying properly I remember don't them then you must say properly
okay ha ha kita boon ha ha kala moon moon ha ha ha mesta hun ha ha mata boon ha ha Sudhir
on ha ha go to see young are you with me with ancestors correct easy this is easy you know
it but now you got to memorize the vocab huh and practice practice at home ok inshallah
can you can one of you read loudly brother Reiser brother Muhammad loudly with Bunga doomed and in
okay has a better alibi to Hamas Hamas didn't ha ha ha Babu aza kita has a cheetah boy kalamoon
atomistic oh ha ha mr. Han ha ha ha maca bun ha ha ha ha ha sir Iran ha ha cool see you mashallah
mashallah ok now we come to the next page huh what is written there ma ha ha ha ma is used for asking
question huh it is it means what there is a name in it but we won't go in detail right now later on
we will go in detail and learn all the names there there are four for the nouns and the particles for
asking question later on in China okay so when you ask a question you say ma ha ha what is the
meaning again is is is not there ma means what other means this what this no but it is what is
this because the copula verbs are not in Arabic okay linking rows are not there ma ha ha what is
the answer ha ha B this is the house what is this this is a house ok well now I come something here
ha ha vitamin this is a statement this is a house how do I change that into a question
by just putting Hamza what will you say now ah ha ha bye Tony but then you will have to
put a question mark and you have to even change your tone ha ha baton ah Hawaii tone no you're
asking a question so you your tone has changed yeah Leviathan this is a house huh let me write
down properly this is a house ok balance isn't this is a house how about here is this a house
is this a house so this putting hands in front of a statement rather change it into a question
early with me no other changes just by putting Hamza in front of a sentence you change into a
a question are you with me whether ok and what is the answer now what is the answer now okay or if
it is negation you will say la okay buzzer what is Nam and la what are they are they nouns are
there worms what are they right now you know the little low children brother and sisters
what are they brother they are called
now whether these are the things you are writing I I do not expect you to know everything tomorrow
but this little note that you are writing will help you later on inshallah someday you will
stand up and teach so you remember everything in Arabic can be divided into three groups and what
are they nouns verbs and particles everything in Arabic language you can put it into three groups
okay what is Allah so now what is bite it's a noun oh then what is now it's a half heart which are a
particular half particular I'm sorry huh and what is la - sha huh okay brother ah you know you use
ah here it is this is also particle okay but ma listen now I am only telling you you want to write
it down you write it down I do not expect you to know it by tomorrow I I don't expect you with it
but slowly slowly this thing will really make a lot of sense to you when we do later on in book
three detailed analysis of everything then these things will come back to you right now if you want
I'm just throwing at you if you can understand and retain in your mind alhamdulillah if you forget
you don't worry don't blame yourself huh because we'll be repeating it in shock okay brother ahaha
by eating now he has a debate ah haha what is this haha coming soon remember we got to pronounce it
homie son okay brother ah ha ha sorry Ron ha ha ha curse Ian are you with me brother and sisters ha
ha course even ok again what is La it's a particle her Fujiyama a particular I'm sorry ok ah ha them
if the hole la la la moon has a column ma ha ha ha ha Najma the pictures are there so it's easy
but I hope you will put little time and memorize the vocab inshallah it will help you every effort
inshallah we'll make you better and better weather let me tell you one more thing this
is what I believe and I always mentioned in the class I'll I'll mention now brother and sisters
some of you are coming from far from Pickering from Brampton and maybe so further I don't know
okay from Oak well maybe but every minute that you are spending to come to learn Arabic the time that
you are driving the time that you spent at home to revise your lessons to do your homework the
time that you sit in the class inshaallah a last one that i will treat it as your ibadat you know
why because we are learning the language of the Quran for the love of Quran no other reason no
dunya here only aashira we are learning Arabic or the love of Allah are you with me brother
and sisters so every minute that you'll spend in the class in your car at home doing your homework
insha Allah Allah subhana Allah in His infinite mercy we'll treat it as if you are doing is about
it because we are doing for his love and for the love of his book in China okay now whether ma is
what and Mun is who are you with me now there is another difference brother in the whole universe
you know there are two types of Arkell having intelligence or they are hierarchical with no
intelligence Allah with me human beings have intelligent but things have no intelligence
pen doesn't have intelligence okay Keith a breath in I mean tell me we have intelligence right so
anything which is Arkell have having intelligence when you want to find out about that you will use
one when you want to find out about things you will use now the scholars define that the aqil
you know group consists of three creations one is the human being other is Malaika and the third
one is Jin you like it or not they also have intelligence June 7th elements okay so when you
refer to human beings Malaika and jinns you use Mun for the rest of the things it is MA are you
with me brothers so you can say Mahara are you with me you can see Mahara has a column but if
I point to brother Mohammed and say I cannot say Maha I will say man haha or will I say
one has and my answer will be huzzah muhammadun are you with me I am NOT pointing out to female
now because of a reason that I will explain you in the next class and from next class onwards I will
be pointing out two sisters also if I point out to this brother I will say man huzzah then the answer
will be ha ha Hassan Hassan owned a saloon and then if I point out to the third gentleman again
I will say man huzzah I will say haha abdus samad are you with me brother and sisters so for human
beings anything occur or rational rational nouns we use man for galkin or irrational nouns we use
simple product so let's see now - the look at the picture and what is the question man ha ha ha ha
tubby Boone what is the meaning of tubby Boone dr. crab idea as ottoman man haha haha valladon got
the idea with her sisters the next one man haha he has got a little bag school bag with him man
ha ha ha de Tolly Boone thali boom mashallah now the question how you start your question
by putting ah ah huzzah voila doon is this a boy la Ossa raja loon so all these new work hips are
coming and you got to memorize it Raja Liu a man well then sisters next one ma ha ha ha mastodons
man huzzah so his question for and pointing out to an actual person okay man huzzah huzzah Taji
rune what is the meaning of togedu merchant really good much businessman business then
huzzah Calvin dog okay ah huzzah Calvin la haha kitten mashallah sober Pinkerton account ha ha
hi Marin ha ha hi Myron Ebell ah ha ha I'm Erin ha ha ha hey son all these workers you must do it at
home on donkey horse ok bah ha ha ha ha jameelah nada Jamal hoon got the idea boys and sisters now
next page brother ma ha ha ha Deacon rooster ha ha deacon now again the question is manga that
was a human being pointing out to human will man ha ha ha ha modern recent book modernism ha ha
Madara soon remember son ha ha ha ha ha my song la Jara Mindy lune what is the minimum in Dillon and
Cassie would hamper G so we have to remember all these workouts are better now economic to read and
write okay well ancestors since I have the mic I will be reading but please read with me and read
humbly remember I have given you permission to scream and shout in the class now ok MA huzzah
other column oh okay you can repeat Mahara also inshallah okay number two haha noble ancestors
I found this very difficult and if you find it difficult I think it's okay it's it's normal
you know because the wall signs are not given you know so we got to remember the Vall signs
hmm if we say has a callable that will be wrong haha Calvin because there is a sukoon on long
so what will you do whether at home when you will write you will make sure that your all signs are
properly put are you with me brothers and sisters but if you will make an effort Allah will make it
easy for us if you won't make an effort another it won't work okay so husband anytime you have
a problem whether it is sukoon or a proper vowel st. you go back to the first lesson that's why I
always say you know we are verily we are barely in the first lesson and dr. up the wrong things
you know all the vowel signs but for us it's kind of a difficult yes okay brother huzzah Calvin well
not callable but Calvin next one buzzer loudly everybody man huzzah huzzah eat abhi Boone aza
tubby boom very good what is the next one brothers and sister aza Jamal ooh now this is not jungmoon
but Jamal hoon see the vowel signs are very important huh okay next one brother a question
Calvin la Ossa kitten okay very good next one has a deacon nom nom yes next one brothers ah ha ha
Hashanah is this a horse la-da-da tomorrow this is a donkey okay next one brother ha ha Mindy lon
this is a handkerchief are you with me man just as easily this is all Harappa rebirth okay next one
ah ha ha voila doom ha Nam man ha ha ha ha Raju Raju mashallah ok brother lesson number 2 do you
feel like taking a break do you feel like taking a break we can take a break if you wish no we are
going to be still 1231 huh this class brother insisted today was our first day there will be
more people coming because so many people that said they are coming inshallah they'll come it
happens that you know for some reason they cannot come on the first day of a second day they will
come in child well then sister our class timing is 9:30 to 12:30 and will take about 15 to 20 minutes
break and inshallah we'll make arrangements for tea and you know so that you can refresh